---
name: Introduction
category: Introduction
---


PayPal
=======================

This module is for PrestaShop 1.7.*

### Installation

To install module on PrestaShop, download zip package form [product page on PrestaShop Addons][addons]

For developers.

This module contain composer.json and package.json files.
See the [composer documentation][composer-doc] and [npm documentation][npm-doc] respectively to learn more about these files.
The module namespace is : `PaypalAddons`.

Starting from the 4.5 version, PayPal module for PrestaShop will use PPBTlib.

**PPBTlib** is the internal 202 library of common PHP classes for PayPal and
Braintree modules. Using this library, we avoid code duplication. These solutions are 
useful for reducing the code and the probability of errors. This library
will contain new evolutions for 4.5 (for example, Log System, Menu, Common
configurations etc). Some old code can be also placed to this library (for
example, Error front controller, Abstract classes etc).
The source code of the libraries will be located on GitLab of 202-ecommerce.
The generated by composer librarie’s classes will be located in vendor folder on
GitHub. It means that for installing the module from GitHub, the client should
run the composer installation at first.

**PayPal NVP/REST and Braintree SDK** :
untill the 4.4.3 version of the module, the PayPal NVP/REST and Braintree SDK
were added to the Github inside of the module. Starting from the 4.5 version,
we will use composer.json in the order to load the SDK. In this way, the SDK
versions will updated automatically in next module releases.

### Unit test

For classes and controllers the corresponded test classes must be created. 
Class PpConfiguration is test class which configure module with test credentials. 
Class PpCustomer is tools for create test customer and cart.

For render the module more testable we need : 
- don't use redirects and die() functions inside front controllers and method classes. 
- extend more the PaypalAbstarctModuleFrontController by front controllers
- all functions Tools::getValue() must be in front controllers and not in method classes.


[composer-doc]: https://getcomposer.org/doc/04-schema.md
[addons]: https://addons.prestashop.com/en/payment-card-wallet/1748-paypal-braintree-official.html
[npm-doc]: https://docs.npmjs.com/
